beauty
Here I come.
OK
Yeah, what are you doing?
Even if you call it a dog
No one came
Look at this land, it's already deserted
Besides, the louder you scream
The more excited I get
Ah, um, call it uh
Is the person who ordered you to kidnap me Yoyo Mu?
Trying to trick me
No way.
I already know where I need to talk to you
I just wanted to remind you that Yoshiki Yoshio that woman put you together
She's on your phone.
With a tracker
That's not possible.
Mu is playing a fool
It's not that I don't trust you.
She wants to kill two birds with one stone
You finish her job
She will call the police to arrest you again
How perfect to save even hiring
Whatever.
I'll be cool first, and then I'll go to that guy surnamed Mo to settle accounts
Is Xiaoqiki Yoyo coming soon?
It's already at the gate of the garage.
Good. Let's begin.
Fang Qi, what are you doing?
Why did you call me here?
What the hell are you doing here?
Miss Mu
I called you here.
Xiaoqi, help me turn on the phone recording.
Don't you care about me?
Send someone to follow me every day
Then I should care about you too
That's reciprocity.
you